Psalm 114 when Israel went out of Egypt
Psalm 114 when Israel went out of Egypt the house of Jacob from a people of
the house of Jacob from a people of
the house of Jacob from a people of strange language Judah became his
strange language Judah became his
strange language Judah became his sanctuary and Israel is Dominion the sea
sanctuary and Israel is Dominion the sea
sanctuary and Israel is Dominion the sea saw it and fled Jordan turned back the
saw it and fled Jordan turned back the
saw it and fled Jordan turned back the mountains skipped like Rams the little
mountains skipped like Rams the little
mountains skipped like Rams the little Hills like lands what ails you Oh see
Hills like lands what ails you Oh see
Hills like lands what ails you Oh see that you fled Oh Jordan that you turn
that you fled Oh Jordan that you turn
that you fled Oh Jordan that you turn back o mountains that you skip like Rams
back o mountains that you skip like Rams
back o mountains that you skip like Rams Oh little Hills like lambs tremble o
Oh little Hills like lambs tremble o
Oh little Hills like lambs tremble o earth at the presence of the Lord at the
earth at the presence of the Lord at the
earth at the presence of the Lord at the presence of the God of Jacob who turned
presence of the God of Jacob who turned
presence of the God of Jacob who turned the rock into a pool of water the flint
the rock into a pool of water the flint
the rock into a pool of water the flint into a fountain of waters
into a fountain of waters
into a fountain of waters [Music]